Update DG & UG (#356)
AY2122S1-CS2103T-W16-1/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

3. Email
4. Address

> The picture below shows how these attributes are displayed.

Author: good call, changed for all UG refs to attributes.

4. Yearly Premium
5. Commission

Each policy has an index which is sorted by ascending order, and if you would like to remove an existing policy, you can

> use its index as an argument for delete. To save you the effort of counting rows, we have indexed the rows with a counter

Author: Yep, I get that. Fixed to parameter.

The Notes tab stores additional information about your client. This tab can be accessed by pressing on the `Notes`
button when in any of the Client View tabs, or through typing the command `tab n`, `tab notes` or `tab notes`.

You will know that you are in the Notes tab if you see a big white text box below the Result Display. You may simply
type into it, and all the edits you make will be saved. Unlike the command box, this supports multi-line input and
allows you to indent lines with spaces.

![Notes Tab of DonnaFin](images/Notes.png)

### 3.4 Command Format

> In DonnaFin, we provide the user with a Command-Line-Input (or CLI). The command message is generally in this format:
> 
> <span style="color: red">COMMAND_WORD</span><span style="color: blue"> ARG1 ARG2 ARG3</span>

Author: ```suggestion
In DonnaFin, we provide the user with a Command-Line-Input (or CLI). The command message is generally in the format of a `COMMAND_WORD` followed optionally by a number of arguments (`COMMAND_WORD ARG1 ARG2 ARG3`).
```

#### 4.2.6 Clearing all client data : `clear`

> Clears all data from the DonnaFin. This is a destructive command that cannot be recovered from, please take care when

Reviewer: can use the caution block for "This is a destructive command that cannot be recovered from, please take care when..."

Author: Done!
